Direct Download:  [0.5.8.0](https://downloads.medlaunch.info/?download=0_5_8_0)

(The latest version can always be downloaded [HERE](https://downloads.medlaunch.info/?download=latest))

#### Important Release Notes (0.5.8.x Major Branch)

This release brings compatibility with the new Mednafen 0.9.46. Aside from that it is primarily a bugfix release with a number of UI modifications.

#### Notable Additions
* (Compatibility)	-	Implemented changes for the upcoming mednafen release
* (UI Change)	-	Removed the collapsable panels within Configs, Settings & Controls (as they were pretty pointless)
* (UI Change)	-	Configs, Settings & Controls panes now stack horizontally but scroll vertically (so the middle mouse button can be used to scroll the pane up and down)
* (BugFix)	-	Added some download timeout error handling
* (Enhancement)	-	Games library sidebar width is now resizable (by clicking and dragging the edge). Selected size persists across sessions
* (Enhancement)	-	ToolTips (text and image) now stay open until user moves the mouse away
* (Enhancement)	-	Background image can now be changed to one of your choosing. You can also set the image opacity and whether it is tiled or not
* (BugFix) - Fonts are no longer blurry

#### New Install
- Extract this release to a folder, run the 'MedLaunch.exe' executable and choose your Mednafen directory (must be the Mednafen 0.9.39 - 0.9.46  - 64-bit version is required if you want to emulate Saturn games). 
- You are then prompted to choose whether to import all config settings from your Mednafen folder into the MedLaunch database (this is recommended).
- If you currently use system-specific config files with Mednafen the settings from these will be imported with the above process. However MedLaunch will write to these files when you launch a game - so back them up somewhere if you are not happy with this.

#### Upgrade

##### Preferred Method:
- Automatically download and upgrade using the 'Updates' tab within MedLaunch itself.
- Ensure you have the a supported version of Mednafen installed (v0.9.39.x - v0.9.46.x)
- Once MedLaunch has upgraded, go to the 'Configs' tab and click the 'IMPORT ALL CONFIGS FROM DISK' button
- In settings change your mednafen directory if you installed the new version of mednafen somewhere else

##### Manual Method:
- You can safely extract this new release over an existing MedLaunch folder (providing you do not have MedLaunch running at the time) 
- Once extracted run the MedLaunch.exe executable and your current database will be upgraded before the application starts proper.
- Once MedLaunch has upgraded, go to the 'Configs' tab and click the 'IMPORT ALL CONFIGS FROM DISK' button
- In settings change your mednafen directory if you installed the new version of mednafen somewhere else



There is also (still) an official MedLaunch mednafen server running in the UK.  More details can be found here:
[http://node.asnitech.co.uk/](http://node.asnitech.co.uk/) and the server is automatically listed in the server browser within MedLaunch.