Direct Download:  [0.5.18.5](https://downloads.medlaunch.info/?download=0_5_18_5)

(The latest version can always be downloaded [HERE](https://downloads.medlaunch.info/?download=latest))

#### Release Notes

This is a relatively small release that brings the dev branch changes (from back in Sep 2017) into master.

#### Notable Additions
* (BugFix)	-	Fixed UI transparency issue
* (BugFix)	-	Fixed issues with games library sidebar text 'jumping' when changing the selected game
* (Enhancement)	-	Some non-system related mednafen key bindings can now be set within MedLaunch
* (Enhancement)	-	Added detection of system for discs (discs will be added to the correct system on import, even if they are in the wrong folder)
* (Enhancement)	-	Megadrive *.smd interleaved format games can now be imported. On game launch, if interleaving is detected, the ROM will be converted into the cache folder and launched from there (this is still experimental - its easier to ditch your old *.smd roms and get something newer)
* (BugFix)	-	MegaDrive 6-button pad was missing the 'mode' button in control configuration


#### New Install
- Extract this release to a folder, run the 'MedLaunch.exe' executable and choose your Mednafen directory (must be the Mednafen 0.9.39 - 0.9.46  - 64-bit version is required if you want to emulate Saturn games). 
- You are then prompted to choose whether to import all config settings from your Mednafen folder into the MedLaunch database (this is recommended).
- If you currently use system-specific config files with Mednafen the settings from these will be imported with the above process. However MedLaunch will write to these files when you launch a game - so back them up somewhere if you are not happy with this.

#### Upgrade

##### Preferred Method:
- Automatically download and upgrade using the 'Updates' tab within MedLaunch itself.
- Ensure you have the a supported version of Mednafen installed (v0.9.39.x - v0.9.46.x)
- Once MedLaunch has upgraded, go to the 'Configs' tab and click the 'IMPORT ALL CONFIGS FROM DISK' button
- In settings change your mednafen directory if you installed the new version of mednafen somewhere else

##### Manual Method:
- You can safely extract this new release over an existing MedLaunch folder (providing you do not have MedLaunch running at the time) 
- Once extracted run the MedLaunch.exe executable and your current database will be upgraded before the application starts proper.
- Once MedLaunch has upgraded, go to the 'Configs' tab and click the 'IMPORT ALL CONFIGS FROM DISK' button
- In settings change your mednafen directory if you installed the new version of mednafen somewhere else



There is also (still) an official MedLaunch mednafen server running in the UK.  More details can be found here:
[http://node.asnitech.co.uk/](http://node.asnitech.co.uk/) and the server is automatically listed in the server browser within MedLaunch.